**Friday** Â· Week 4

> [!quote] âœ¨ Daily Spark
> ðŸš€ C2 Innovation: What's your sharpest insight on the thesis right now?

---

## â˜€ï¸ Morning Brief

### ðŸŽ¯ Suggested #1 Priority

> **Shape the Innovation Sprint pitch for Seattle** â€” Byron pushed the deadline to 2/7, and you're in Seattle next week. Use today's focus block (1:00â€“4:50 PM) to craft the narrative. Feeds **G2: Innovation Leadership** directly.

### ðŸ“… Today's Meetings â€” Context & Prep

| Time | Meeting | Context | Things 3 Tasks | Prep Needed |
|------|---------|---------|----------------|-------------|
| 08:00 | Karthik/Jack Catch Up | Jack Kelly â€” regular connect | â€” | No |
| 09:30 | **Darren Monthly Connect** | First monthly connect â€” relationship building | â€” | Light â€” what to discuss? |
| **10:00** | **M-Files Rollout Strategy** | Associate Hub + M-Files (Josh, Martin H, Brandon, Philip) | â€” | **Yes â€” review rollout context** |
| 11:00 | Lockton Mexico Exec | Project status (Chaitrali, James, Larry, Diego) | â€” | No â€” listen mode |
| 11:00 | Real Estate Platform Training | Large group training â€” likely optional | â€” | Skip or passive |
| 13:00â€“16:50 | **ðŸŽ¯ Focus Time** | **Deep work â€” Innovation Sprint pitch** | Create Innovation Sprint plan | **PROTECT THIS** |

### âœ… Things 3: Today

- Synthesize Summit & Hackathon survey results â†’ deck for Byron *(pushed to 2/7)*
- Create Innovation Sprint plan â†’ deliver to Byron *(pushed to 2/7)*
- ~~âš ï¸ Sign Moveworks *(OVERDUE â€” was due 1/22)*~~
- Add countries in LeanIX
- Submit expenses
- Research Larry Claude setup
- Confirm London dates with Glenn

### ðŸ”¥ Open Threads to Track

- **Innovation Sprint pitch** â€” Seattle next week, shape the narrative today (G2) #p1
- **Perficient EA Assessment proposal** â€” due 1/30, one week away (G3)
- ==`**Innovation thesis** â€” Jan milestone: answer 3 prompt questions (G1) #p1`==
- **Sign Moveworks** â€” overdue, quick signature needed
- **Promotions comms** â€” confirm with Jenna/Megan (Larry $175K, Mark $146K, Brooke $130K) â€” target 2/1
- **HIVE/Nuvento SOW** â€” finalize pilot terms (G2)
- **Cheryl backfill â†’ Enterprise Architect** â€” pitch to Byron (G3)
- **Naveen re: Puru promotion** â€” follow up
- **Email Hiram Morero** â€” Producer Org needs
- **Salesforce credits ($99K)** â€” update Byron in 2-3 weeks

### ðŸ”— Connections Today

- **Martin Hershy** (M-Files, 10:00) â€” also owns Soluto demo/pricing from yesterday's invoicing brainstorm
- **Larry Lane** (Mexico Exec, 11:00) â€” freshly promoted + "Research Larry Claude setup" task
- **Focus Block** (1:00â€“4:50 PM) â€” protect this! Your #1 delivery window for the week

### âš ï¸ Heads Up

1. **Sign Moveworks is OVERDUE** â€” was due yesterday. Quick signature needed.
2. **Perficient EA Assessment proposal due 1/30** â€” 1 week away. Follow up if not received.
3. **Seattle next week** â€” Innovation Sprint pitch opportunity with Byron over drinks. Today = prep.
4. **January milestone at risk** â€” Innovation thesis (3 prompt questions) not started. ~8 days left.
5. **11:00 conflict** â€” Mexico Exec vs Real Estate Training. Mexico is higher priority.

---

> [!danger]- Overdue
> ```tasks
> not done
> due before 2026-01-23
> short mode
> limit 5
> ```

> [!warning]- Due Today
> ```tasks
> not done
> due on 2026-01-23
> short mode
> ```

---

## Workspace

### Deep Work
-

### Meeting Notes
## Jack Kelly 1:1
- Noon Ali moved to New York 
- Reporting to Justin Pinches - structural changes coming 
- Not involved as much in Project Polaris
- Doubling in Client Portals - 9000 clients and adding 8000 clients
	- Adding private clients
	- 1 login per person 
	- High net worth individuals 
	- Launching in 6 weeks 
	- Client and broker experience 
	- Introduce AI agent - pulling info from a library 
		- Offered to help with providing reference architecture through our EA & Innovation practice
- 
## Mfiles 
- Rollout plan 
- Martin needs to weigh in 
- Byron
	- concerned about business disruption 
	- March & April is going to be hard 
	- Analogy: 500 grit sandpaper to 20 - to roll out a new tech 
- Associate Hub plan
	- Use Aino for metadata filling
- Martin - was disappointed that this is being raised at the end of Jan 
	- Josh prepping a chronological event
- 

## Darren
- HIVE
	- After live support 
	- Governance Committee - Product Manager 
		- Phil - Rewards 
		- Tricia
- PACE
	- India GCC - timing is June 
		- Met with JD and Dilip 
	- Darren to talk to Martin for a Global Model 
	- Volunteered to help with Deloitte delivery mix
	- Workday
		- Internal Transformation 
		- Workshop beginning of March - KC office - no dial in 
			- Day 1 - cover FAME and release dependency
			- Suggested we invite Nandini & Rajesh 
		- FAME dependency 
	- Sana - Copilot - LMS
		- Check with Jamie when is the conference? 
- PHENOM
	- Contract signed yesterday 
	- Nate - Producer - Salesforce 
	- End of Feb target for functional design

### Capture
- Anne Boss retired on 1/23/26 
	- Do we want to use her for ECM? 
- What do we with Heather's backfill - 50% with Qualizeal 

---
MFIles Copilot Notes

# Decision

- Reconvene the group next week to finalize integration approach

# Open questions

- Managing user transition and change is unresolved
- Retirement and integration of legacy systems remains unresolved
- Feasibility of rollout options for integration remains under discussion
- Addressing technical and change management risks for 5/1 go-live is unresolved
- Finalizing the security model for integration is pending
- Handling servicing team workflows during transition is unresolved
- Timeline for full integration if 5/1 is not feasible is undetermined

# Agenda

Goal: Review rollout strategy for M-Files and Associate Hub

  

# Meeting notes

### In files rollout planning

- Charles outlined the meeting's goal to align on the rollout approach for in files and to determine next steps.

### Document management strategy

- Josh presented the current state of client document storage, the transition to M files as the future document management system, and clarified that SharePoint will remain while ImageRight will eventually be retired.

### Document migration

- Karthik clarified that all content on SharePoint 2016 must be migrated to SharePoint Online, including recently migrated client portals.

### Document migration and retirement

- Karthik confirmed that ImageRight will be retired by April 2027, and discussed the need to migrate all content from SharePoint 2016 to SharePoint Online, including internal client processing materials.
- Karthik highlighted that ShareFile is on a red list due to significant cost increases, and emphasized the urgency to move off S Drive to support data center retirement and address security concerns.

### Hub rollout planning

- Josh outlined that the Hub application is targeting a 5/1 delivery date for a simultaneous go-live with 3,000 Risk Solution associates, with document management included in phase one.
- Josh explained that the simultaneous go-live for 3,000 Risk Solution associates is planned for 5/1, with document management included in phase one of Hub

### Workflow transition planning

- Josh described the high volume of centralized servicing tasks currently managed in ImageRight, highlighting the complexity of migrating these workflows to M files and Hub
- Martin explained that the Hub will require clear definitions of which groups use which systems and the ability to pass tasks between Hub and M files.
- Karthik emphasized that document management should focus on storage and retrieval, while workflow and task management should be centralized in Associate Hub.
- Josh clarified that interim processes will allow claims, surplus lines, and accounting teams to continue their workflows in ImageRight, with content handed off from M files as needed during phase one.
- Josh described that all billing workflows and Resource Pro queues need to move to M files for the 5/1 rollout, as their processes are tightly integrated with broker-serviced documents, and a standard process has been established for all billing teams.
- Martin raised concerns that allowing documents to be uploaded in both Hub and other systems could lead to inconsistent records and operational challenges.
- Ruth confirmed with Martin and Philip that existing workflows will remain in their current systems until there is time to map and transition them, which may result in some users operating across two systems temporarily.

### Security model planning

- Philip provided an update that Infosec is now more open to a loosely defined security model for Associate Hub, as long as proper checks and balances are in place, and a follow-up meeting with legal and Infosec is planned for next week.
- Philip stated the intention to establish a centralized security model that covers both Associate Hub and M-files, with potential for future system integrations.

### Hub and M files integration

- Josh discussed the technical considerations for integrating Hub and M files by 5/1, highlighting the need to decide between a fully embedded document management interface or a simpler repository approach for the initial rollout.

### System architecture and workflow

- Amy clarified the importance of separating document storage/retrieval from workflow and task management, emphasizing the need to maintain a modular system architecture in the Hub.

### User experience and interface

- Karthik outlined that the goal is for Associate Hub users to interact with documents solely through the Hub interface, without direct access to M files, ensuring a seamless user experience.
- Karthik clarified that Associate Hub users will primarily interact with documents through the Hub interface, with M files operating in the background for most workflows.
- Martin described that, from a user experience perspective, a fully integrated document management system in the Hub is preferred, but if not possible, document-related features should be hidden from users to avoid confusion about the source of truth for documents.

### Document management automation

- Philip explained that document metadata will be automatically derived from the user's workflow context in Associate Hub, reducing manual entry in M files, and that a metadata extraction service will be used for uploads outside workflows.
- Josh described that uploading a loss run document in Hub can automatically categorize it in the correct section of M files based on client and year.

### System integration and access

- Josh described that while basic document workflows will be handled seamlessly in Associate Hub, users will still have access to M files for advanced collaboration and navigation needs.

### Rollout scope and impacted teams

- Josh explained that for the 5/1 rollout, brokers, project risk brokers, and centralized servicing teams like Billing and Resource Pro will transition to M files, while claims and surplus lines will have view and download access only, and accounting will continue using ImageRight through interim processes.
- Josh clarified that People Solutions is implementing the silent M files integration option, starting with the stop loss team, due to their simpler requirements and earlier stage of M files configuration.

### Document migration planning

- Josh explained that large-scale migration from S Drive and ImageRight to M files will not occur before the 5/1 rollout; instead, legacy systems will become read-only on the cutover date, and users will move content ad hoc as needed.

### System integration requirements

- Josh described that building a full data model and technical integration between MDM, Hub, M files, and Nexure is required for both rollout options, with an Azure staging database planned to map data across systems.
- Karthik identified the architecture design and integration build for the staging database as a current risk, pending validation and testing in upcoming sessions.

### System integration planning

- Josh described ongoing work with Nand and Rajesh to define the staging database, clarify data sources between MDM and Nexure, and noted that project timelines depend on MDM's schedule.

### Security model implementation

- Josh explained that the team needs to finalize and implement the security model for direct M files access, with the approach depending on guidance from Infosec and legal before go-live.
- Philip confirmed that using team assignments from Hub as the security approach for M files access has been validated as feasible, though not yet implemented.

### Rollout options and process changes

- Josh outlined two rollout options: a full experience retiring ImageRight and S Drive with integrated Hub and M files by 5/1, and a reduced-scope option with silent M files integration, where document management features are phased in and M files is hidden from users until a later release.
- Josh explained that People Solutions is implementing the silent M files integration for the stop loss team, as their M files configuration is still in early stages and a full build is not feasible for their 5/1 target.
- Josh stated that a concrete target date for the broader People Solutions M files rollout has not been set, and the team is working on assembling the project team and selecting a new product owner before finalizing dates.
- Philip introduced a third rollout option: having no M files integration at the initial release, due to concerns about confusion and risk with multiple document management solutions, and suggested this approach should be considered alongside the current options.

### Document management integration

- Martin and Karthik discussed that in the proposed integration, documents uploaded through the Hub would be stored entirely in M files, remaining hidden from users after upload, with the option to retrieve them from M files if needed.

### Rollout risk and prioritization

- Ruth raised concerns about the risk of broken workflows or manual workarounds if full workflow functionality is not available by the 5/1 rollout, emphasizing the need to prioritize either complete M files integration or meeting the rollout date.

### Project timeline and risk

- Brandon stated that completing the associate hub and M files integration by 5/1 is not realistic, and emphasized the need for a backup plan to avoid a poor user experience.

### Workflow integration planning

- Karthik highlighted that mapping and rationalizing all existing team workflows and tasks for integration into associate hub is the biggest challenge, and that the Proficient team currently lacks a clear understanding of what needs to be built.
- Amy clarified that the initial plan was to handle workflows and tasks not managed by Hub within M files, with the intention to revisit and streamline these processes in a later phase of Hub development.
- Josh explained that Proficient was not aware of how workflows were used in current document tools, leading to a knowledge gap during integration planning.
- Josh described that the main challenge for the 5/1 rollout is connecting workflows between Hub and M files, especially for servicing teams not using Hub daily.
- Karthik emphasized the need to determine how servicing teams will access documents and workflows in the new system, given the split between Hub and M files for the 5/1 release.

# Follow-up tasks

| Task                                                                                                                                                      | Assigned to | Due date | Bucket |
| --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ----------- | -------- | ------ |
| Identify which current ImageRight tasks will be replaced by workflows in Associate Hub and determine which tasks will remain for migration (Philip, Josh) |             |          |        |
| Define the centralized workflow model for risk document management to meet the basic needs of all regions (Brandon, Josh, Philip)                         |             |          |        |
| Identify and list technical challenges that could impact the 5/1 rollout date for Associate Hub and M-files (Josh)                                        |             |          |        |
## Logbook
- [x] [Sign Moveworks](things:///show?id=GfoiEA2m98TTHisGyyntw4)