{
  "id": "3b5e2ffd-0185-4be2-aad9-a384fd4a802a",
  "title": "Close Daily Evening Wrap",
  "titleGenerationStatus": "success",
  "createdAt": 1769040445848,
  "updatedAt": 1769040840486,
  "lastResponseAt": 1769040840486,
  "sessionId": "3b5e2ffd-0185-4be2-aad9-a384fd4a802a",
  "sdkSessionId": "3b5e2ffd-0185-4be2-aad9-a384fd4a802a",
  "currentNote": "Daily/2026-01-21.md",
  "usage": {
    "model": "claude-opus-4-5-20251101",
    "inputTokens": 2787,
    "cacheCreationInputTokens": 57248,
    "cacheReadInputTokens": 469918,
    "contextWindow": 200000,
    "contextTokens": 529953,
    "percentage": 100
  },
  "toolDiffData": {
    "toolu_014TdnCuTS2ja3VPNf2Y9viy": {
      "filePath": "/Users/karthik/Documents/3 - Resources/Vaults/SecondBrain26/Daily/2026-01-21.md",
      "originalContent": "**Wednesday** ¬∑ Week 4\n\n> [!quote] ‚ú® Daily Spark\n> üåü X1 Substack: One post per week. Consistency over perfection.\n\n---\n\n## üìÖ Today\n\n- ‚Ä¢ \n- ‚Ä¢ 08:00 - 10:30: US/UK IT Talent Review Calibration\n- ‚Ä¢ 10:30 - 11:00: FY27 Risk Dev - Internal Sync\n- ‚Ä¢ 11:00 - 11:25: Shanna 1:1\n- ‚Ä¢ 11:00 - 11:30: US AI Training | Weekly Touch Point \n- ‚Ä¢ 11:30 - 12:00: Nate catch up\n- ‚Ä¢ 12:00 - 13:00: Lunch\n- ‚Ä¢ 13:00 - 13:30: Lockton Companies <> Harness\n- ‚Ä¢ 13:30 - 16:30: Focus time\n- ‚Ä¢ 14:00 - 14:30: Southeast S Drive Sync\n- ‚Ä¢ 17:30 - 19:30: Vinay Huntington \n- ‚Ä¢ 21:00 - 22:00: Global IT All Hands (Zone Two)\n\n---\n\n## üéØ #1 Priority\n\n>\n\n---\n\n> [!danger]- Overdue\n> ```tasks\n> not done\n> due before 2026-01-21\n> short mode\n> limit 5\n> ```\n\n> [!warning]- Due Today\n> ```tasks\n> not done\n> due on 2026-01-21\n> short mode\n> ```\n\n---\n\n## Workspace\n\n### Deep Work\n-\n\n### Meeting Notes\n### 08:00 - 10:30: US/UK IT Talent Review Calibration\n![[Pasted image 20260121080323.png]]\n\nByron\n- Goal is for us to make sure we have the right people appropriately placed \n- Its a point in time view \n- They might manage you well - how do they interact with others\n\nShanna\n- Get out there more with the business \n- She is really good at community building - AC4E\n\nLarry \n- Promoted to Ent Platform architect \n\n### Shanna Sommers\n\n- Talk to TJ - CISO Assessment\n\n### Nate Lindstrom \n\n- Producer Org 1000 people \n- E7s broke - Moneyball - high reliability needed (Brandon troubleshoots)\n- Deloitte custom development - right now leasing it \n- Send an email - Hiram Morero + \n- Phenom front end + Salesforce backend for Producers \n- \n\n\n\n**From:**¬†Fannin, Lis <[LFannin@lockton.com](mailto:LFannin@lockton.com)>  \n**Sent:**¬†Wednesday, January 14, 2026 3:25 PM  \n**To:**¬†Lucker, Jamie <[JLucker@lockton.com](mailto:JLucker@lockton.com)>  \n**Subject:**¬†Budget for Producer org Resources\n\nHi Jamie,\n\nI think the bare minimum we need for the org is an Admin (Rachana) and a BA. To be safe, we should at least budget for:\n\n- Onshore Contract BA & QA $115,000 (for 7 months because sometimes we aren‚Äôt able to convert right at 6 months)\n- FTE Onshore BA $50,000 (5 months)\n- FTE Onshore Admin/Developer (Rachana) $125,000\n- Provide capacity planning - track and share \n- \n\n**Total $290,000**\n\n‚Ä¶ and/or an offshore developer would only be $55,000, but they would not be available during the day to resolve bugs. If you‚Äôre able, with as many requests come in, I do think we would be able to fully utilize a second developer.\n\nLet me know if you need anything else!\n\n### Lis Fannin\n\n- Rick Garcia - Use CapG resources in the interim\n- Associate Hub - low volume \n- Producer ogr - aligned. ! admin/dev onshore - 1 offshore. AH BAs to moonlight for Producer KTLO\n- Shravan potentially in my team - need salary expectations\n- Backfill BA - let Bowman go\n- Shravan said for remote 60-65 LPA and that he is open for discussion.\n\n\n\n### Capture\n-\n\n---\n\n## Logbook\n- [x] [HE reogr review and send back for Peoplesoft](things:///show?id=DDazRzXMUuzEzgvzNEe8vf)\n",
      "newContent": "**Wednesday** ¬∑ Week 4\n\n> [!quote] ‚ú® Daily Spark\n> üåü X1 Substack: One post per week. Consistency over perfection.\n\n---\n\n## üìÖ Today\n\n- ‚Ä¢ \n- ‚Ä¢ 08:00 - 10:30: US/UK IT Talent Review Calibration\n- ‚Ä¢ 10:30 - 11:00: FY27 Risk Dev - Internal Sync\n- ‚Ä¢ 11:00 - 11:25: Shanna 1:1\n- ‚Ä¢ 11:00 - 11:30: US AI Training | Weekly Touch Point \n- ‚Ä¢ 11:30 - 12:00: Nate catch up\n- ‚Ä¢ 12:00 - 13:00: Lunch\n- ‚Ä¢ 13:00 - 13:30: Lockton Companies <> Harness\n- ‚Ä¢ 13:30 - 16:30: Focus time\n- ‚Ä¢ 14:00 - 14:30: Southeast S Drive Sync\n- ‚Ä¢ 17:30 - 19:30: Vinay Huntington \n- ‚Ä¢ 21:00 - 22:00: Global IT All Hands (Zone Two)\n\n---\n\n## üéØ #1 Priority\n\n>\n\n---\n\n> [!danger]- Overdue\n> ```tasks\n> not done\n> due before 2026-01-21\n> short mode\n> limit 5\n> ```\n\n> [!warning]- Due Today\n> ```tasks\n> not done\n> due on 2026-01-21\n> short mode\n> ```\n\n---\n\n## Workspace\n\n### Deep Work\n-\n\n### Meeting Notes\n### 08:00 - 10:30: US/UK IT Talent Review Calibration\n![[Pasted image 20260121080323.png]]\n\nByron\n- Goal is for us to make sure we have the right people appropriately placed \n- Its a point in time view \n- They might manage you well - how do they interact with others\n\nShanna\n- Get out there more with the business \n- She is really good at community building - AC4E\n\nLarry \n- Promoted to Ent Platform architect \n\n### Shanna Sommers\n\n- Talk to TJ - CISO Assessment\n\n### Nate Lindstrom \n\n- Producer Org 1000 people \n- E7s broke - Moneyball - high reliability needed (Brandon troubleshoots)\n- Deloitte custom development - right now leasing it \n- Send an email - Hiram Morero + \n- Phenom front end + Salesforce backend for Producers \n- \n\n\n\n**From:**¬†Fannin, Lis <[LFannin@lockton.com](mailto:LFannin@lockton.com)>  \n**Sent:**¬†Wednesday, January 14, 2026 3:25 PM  \n**To:**¬†Lucker, Jamie <[JLucker@lockton.com](mailto:JLucker@lockton.com)>  \n**Subject:**¬†Budget for Producer org Resources\n\nHi Jamie,\n\nI think the bare minimum we need for the org is an Admin (Rachana) and a BA. To be safe, we should at least budget for:\n\n- Onshore Contract BA & QA $115,000 (for 7 months because sometimes we aren‚Äôt able to convert right at 6 months)\n- FTE Onshore BA $50,000 (5 months)\n- FTE Onshore Admin/Developer (Rachana) $125,000\n- Provide capacity planning - track and share \n- \n\n**Total $290,000**\n\n‚Ä¶ and/or an offshore developer would only be $55,000, but they would not be available during the day to resolve bugs. If you‚Äôre able, with as many requests come in, I do think we would be able to fully utilize a second developer.\n\nLet me know if you need anything else!\n\n### Lis Fannin\n\n- Rick Garcia - Use CapG resources in the interim\n- Associate Hub - low volume \n- Producer ogr - aligned. ! admin/dev onshore - 1 offshore. AH BAs to moonlight for Producer KTLO\n- Shravan potentially in my team - need salary expectations\n- Backfill BA - let Bowman go\n- Shravan said for remote 60-65 LPA and that he is open for discussion.\n\n\n\n### Capture\n-\n\n---\n\n## Evening Close\n\n**üèÜ Win:** Producer Org clarity ‚Äî solid alignment with Nate and Lis on resourcing, structure, and path forward.\n\n**üìà Better:** Protect focus time better. Too many meetings fragmenting deep work blocks.\n\n**üôè Grateful:** All the ideas that keep me motivated to do better and more.\n\n**üéØ Tomorrow's #1:** Define and rally the troops around the [[1-Projects/Innovation Sprint/0_Innovation_Sprint_Index|Innovation Sprint]].\n\n---\n\n## Logbook\n- [x] [HE reogr review and send back for Peoplesoft](things:///show?id=DDazRzXMUuzEzgvzNEe8vf)\n"
    },
    "toolu_01PEn4EFhvJn1hdNgcYiw1vh": {
      "filePath": "/Users/karthik/Documents/3 - Resources/Vaults/SecondBrain26/1-Projects/Innovation Sprint/0_Innovation_Sprint_Index.md",
      "originalContent": "",
      "newContent": "# Innovation Sprint\n\n#project/innovation-sprint #area/career\n\n> **Goal:** Establish Lockton's innovation rhythm ‚Äî turning hackathon energy into sustained, visible progress.\n\n---\n\n## Status\n\n| | |\n|---|---|\n| **Owner** | Karthik Ramadoss |\n| **Sponsor** | Byron |\n| **Started** | January 2026 |\n| **Target** | Q1 2026 |\n\n---\n\n## Context\n\nComing out of the 2026 GAS Summit and Hackathon, Byron asked for:\n1. **Synthesis** of Summit & Hackathon survey results ‚Üí executive deck\n2. **Innovation Sprint plan** ‚Äî a repeatable framework for driving innovation\n\nThis project supports **G2: Innovation Leadership** in the [[2-Areas/Career & Purpose/2026 Career Goals|2026 Career Goals]].\n\n---\n\n## Key Deliverables\n\n- [ ] Synthesize Summit & Hackathon survey results ‚Üí deck for Byron #p1\n- [ ] Create Innovation Sprint plan/framework ‚Üí deliver to Byron #p1\n- [ ] Define sprint cadence and governance model\n- [ ] Identify pilot teams and initial sprint scope\n\n---\n\n## Open Questions\n\n- What's the ideal sprint duration? (2 weeks? 4 weeks?)\n- How do we balance innovation work with BAU delivery?\n- Who are the innovation champions in each region?\n- How do we measure innovation outcomes?\n\n---\n\n## Related\n\n- [[1-Projects/2026 GAS Summit/2026 GAS Summit Reflection|2026 GAS Summit Reflection]]\n- [[HIVE]] ‚Äî potential pilot for innovation sprint model\n\n---\n\n## Log\n\n### 2026-01-21\n- Project created\n- Tomorrow's #1 priority: Rally the troops around the sprint framework\n\n"
    },
    "toolu_0146ExEifz5CeBdkHd8MSQ41": {
      "filePath": "/Users/karthik/Documents/3 - Resources/Vaults/SecondBrain26/Daily/2026-01-21.md",
      "originalContent": "**Wednesday** ¬∑ Week 4\n\n> [!quote] ‚ú® Daily Spark\n> üåü X1 Substack: One post per week. Consistency over perfection.\n\n---\n\n## üìÖ Today\n\n- ‚Ä¢ \n- ‚Ä¢ 08:00 - 10:30: US/UK IT Talent Review Calibration\n- ‚Ä¢ 10:30 - 11:00: FY27 Risk Dev - Internal Sync\n- ‚Ä¢ 11:00 - 11:25: Shanna 1:1\n- ‚Ä¢ 11:00 - 11:30: US AI Training | Weekly Touch Point \n- ‚Ä¢ 11:30 - 12:00: Nate catch up\n- ‚Ä¢ 12:00 - 13:00: Lunch\n- ‚Ä¢ 13:00 - 13:30: Lockton Companies <> Harness\n- ‚Ä¢ 13:30 - 16:30: Focus time\n- ‚Ä¢ 14:00 - 14:30: Southeast S Drive Sync\n- ‚Ä¢ 17:30 - 19:30: Vinay Huntington \n- ‚Ä¢ 21:00 - 22:00: Global IT All Hands (Zone Two)\n\n---\n\n## üéØ #1 Priority\n\n>\n\n---\n\n> [!danger]- Overdue\n> ```tasks\n> not done\n> due before 2026-01-21\n> short mode\n> limit 5\n> ```\n\n> [!warning]- Due Today\n> ```tasks\n> not done\n> due on 2026-01-21\n> short mode\n> ```\n\n---\n\n## Workspace\n\n### Deep Work\n-\n\n### Meeting Notes\n### 08:00 - 10:30: US/UK IT Talent Review Calibration\n![[Pasted image 20260121080323.png]]\n\nByron\n- Goal is for us to make sure we have the right people appropriately placed \n- Its a point in time view \n- They might manage you well - how do they interact with others\n\nShanna\n- Get out there more with the business \n- She is really good at community building - AC4E\n\nLarry \n- Promoted to Ent Platform architect \n\n### Shanna Sommers\n\n- Talk to TJ - CISO Assessment\n\n### Nate Lindstrom \n\n- Producer Org 1000 people \n- E7s broke - Moneyball - high reliability needed (Brandon troubleshoots)\n- Deloitte custom development - right now leasing it \n- Send an email - Hiram Morero + \n- Phenom front end + Salesforce backend for Producers \n- \n\n\n\n**From:**¬†Fannin, Lis <[LFannin@lockton.com](mailto:LFannin@lockton.com)>  \n**Sent:**¬†Wednesday, January 14, 2026 3:25 PM  \n**To:**¬†Lucker, Jamie <[JLucker@lockton.com](mailto:JLucker@lockton.com)>  \n**Subject:**¬†Budget for Producer org Resources\n\nHi Jamie,\n\nI think the bare minimum we need for the org is an Admin (Rachana) and a BA. To be safe, we should at least budget for:\n\n- Onshore Contract BA & QA $115,000 (for 7 months because sometimes we aren‚Äôt able to convert right at 6 months)\n- FTE Onshore BA $50,000 (5 months)\n- FTE Onshore Admin/Developer (Rachana) $125,000\n- Provide capacity planning - track and share \n- \n\n**Total $290,000**\n\n‚Ä¶ and/or an offshore developer would only be $55,000, but they would not be available during the day to resolve bugs. If you‚Äôre able, with as many requests come in, I do think we would be able to fully utilize a second developer.\n\nLet me know if you need anything else!\n\n### Lis Fannin\n\n- Rick Garcia - Use CapG resources in the interim\n- Associate Hub - low volume \n- Producer ogr - aligned. ! admin/dev onshore - 1 offshore. AH BAs to moonlight for Producer KTLO\n- Shravan potentially in my team - need salary expectations\n- Backfill BA - let Bowman go\n- Shravan said for remote 60-65 LPA and that he is open for discussion.\n\n\n\n### Capture\n-\n\n---\n\n## Evening Close\n\n**üèÜ Win:** Producer Org clarity ‚Äî solid alignment with Nate and Lis on resourcing, structure, and path forward.\n\n**üìà Better:** Protect focus time better. Too many meetings fragmenting deep work blocks.\n\n**üôè Grateful:** All the ideas that keep me motivated to do better and more.\n\n**üéØ Tomorrow's #1:** Define and rally the troops around the [[1-Projects/Innovation Sprint/0_Innovation_Sprint_Index|Innovation Sprint]].\n\n---\n\n## Logbook\n- [x] [HE reogr review and send back for Peoplesoft](things:///show?id=DDazRzXMUuzEzgvzNEe8vf)\n",
      "newContent": "**Wednesday** ¬∑ Week 4\n\n> [!quote] ‚ú® Daily Spark\n> üåü X1 Substack: One post per week. Consistency over perfection.\n\n---\n\n## üéØ Action Items from Today\n\n> [!success] Career Goal Aligned ‚Äî Own These\n> **G2: Innovation Leadership**\n> - [ ] Define Innovation Sprint framework ‚Üí rally troops tomorrow #p1 #area/career\n> - [ ] Synthesize Summit & Hackathon survey results ‚Üí deck for Byron #p1 #area/career\n> - [ ] Create Innovation Sprint plan ‚Üí deliver to Byron #p1 #area/career\n>\n> **G3: Role Transition**\n> - [ ] EA assessment with Perficient ‚Äî architecture leadership visibility #area/career\n> - [ ] Shanna development: encourage more business engagement (per Talent Review feedback)\n\n> [!warning] Operational ‚Äî Delegate or Track\n> **Producer Org** (Nate/Lis alignment)\n> - [ ] Email Hiram Morero re: Producer Org needs\n> - [ ] Track: CapG resources for interim coverage (Rick Garcia)\n> - [ ] Track: Shravan salary expectations (60-65 LPA remote, open to discussion)\n> - [ ] Decision: Let Bowman go, AH BAs moonlight for Producer KTLO\n>\n> **Team/Budget**\n> - [ ] Talk to TJ - CISO Assessment (from Shanna 1:1)\n\n---\n\n## üìÖ Today\n\n- ‚Ä¢ \n- ‚Ä¢ 08:00 - 10:30: US/UK IT Talent Review Calibration\n- ‚Ä¢ 10:30 - 11:00: FY27 Risk Dev - Internal Sync\n- ‚Ä¢ 11:00 - 11:25: Shanna 1:1\n- ‚Ä¢ 11:00 - 11:30: US AI Training | Weekly Touch Point \n- ‚Ä¢ 11:30 - 12:00: Nate catch up\n- ‚Ä¢ 12:00 - 13:00: Lunch\n- ‚Ä¢ 13:00 - 13:30: Lockton Companies <> Harness\n- ‚Ä¢ 13:30 - 16:30: Focus time\n- ‚Ä¢ 14:00 - 14:30: Southeast S Drive Sync\n- ‚Ä¢ 17:30 - 19:30: Vinay Huntington \n- ‚Ä¢ 21:00 - 22:00: Global IT All Hands (Zone Two)\n\n---\n\n## üéØ #1 Priority\n\n>\n\n---\n\n> [!danger]- Overdue\n> ```tasks\n> not done\n> due before 2026-01-21\n> short mode\n> limit 5\n> ```\n\n> [!warning]- Due Today\n> ```tasks\n> not done\n> due on 2026-01-21\n> short mode\n> ```\n\n---\n\n## Workspace\n\n### Deep Work\n-\n\n### Meeting Notes\n### 08:00 - 10:30: US/UK IT Talent Review Calibration\n![[Pasted image 20260121080323.png]]\n\nByron\n- Goal is for us to make sure we have the right people appropriately placed \n- Its a point in time view \n- They might manage you well - how do they interact with others\n\nShanna\n- Get out there more with the business \n- She is really good at community building - AC4E\n\nLarry \n- Promoted to Ent Platform architect \n\n### Shanna Sommers\n\n- Talk to TJ - CISO Assessment\n\n### Nate Lindstrom \n\n- Producer Org 1000 people \n- E7s broke - Moneyball - high reliability needed (Brandon troubleshoots)\n- Deloitte custom development - right now leasing it \n- Send an email - Hiram Morero + \n- Phenom front end + Salesforce backend for Producers \n- \n\n\n\n**From:**¬†Fannin, Lis <[LFannin@lockton.com](mailto:LFannin@lockton.com)>  \n**Sent:**¬†Wednesday, January 14, 2026 3:25 PM  \n**To:**¬†Lucker, Jamie <[JLucker@lockton.com](mailto:JLucker@lockton.com)>  \n**Subject:**¬†Budget for Producer org Resources\n\nHi Jamie,\n\nI think the bare minimum we need for the org is an Admin (Rachana) and a BA. To be safe, we should at least budget for:\n\n- Onshore Contract BA & QA $115,000 (for 7 months because sometimes we aren‚Äôt able to convert right at 6 months)\n- FTE Onshore BA $50,000 (5 months)\n- FTE Onshore Admin/Developer (Rachana) $125,000\n- Provide capacity planning - track and share \n- \n\n**Total $290,000**\n\n‚Ä¶ and/or an offshore developer would only be $55,000, but they would not be available during the day to resolve bugs. If you‚Äôre able, with as many requests come in, I do think we would be able to fully utilize a second developer.\n\nLet me know if you need anything else!\n\n### Lis Fannin\n\n- Rick Garcia - Use CapG resources in the interim\n- Associate Hub - low volume \n- Producer ogr - aligned. ! admin/dev onshore - 1 offshore. AH BAs to moonlight for Producer KTLO\n- Shravan potentially in my team - need salary expectations\n- Backfill BA - let Bowman go\n- Shravan said for remote 60-65 LPA and that he is open for discussion.\n\n\n\n### Capture\n-\n\n---\n\n## Evening Close\n\n**üèÜ Win:** Producer Org clarity ‚Äî solid alignment with Nate and Lis on resourcing, structure, and path forward.\n\n**üìà Better:** Protect focus time better. Too many meetings fragmenting deep work blocks.\n\n**üôè Grateful:** All the ideas that keep me motivated to do better and more.\n\n**üéØ Tomorrow's #1:** Define and rally the troops around the [[1-Projects/Innovation Sprint/0_Innovation_Sprint_Index|Innovation Sprint]].\n\n---\n\n## Logbook\n- [x] [HE reogr review and send back for Peoplesoft](things:///show?id=DDazRzXMUuzEzgvzNEe8vf)\n"
    },
    "toolu_01731qtTzPaQzkSWUE5yRWkN": {
      "filePath": "/Users/karthik/Documents/3 - Resources/Vaults/SecondBrain26/.claude/commands/wrapup.md",
      "originalContent": "",
      "newContent": "# Evening Wrapup\n\nExecute the daily evening wrap-up routine for today's daily note.\n\n## Steps\n\n1. **Read today's daily note** (`Daily/YYYY-MM-DD.md` where YYYY-MM-DD is today's date)\n\n2. **Read 2026 Career Goals** to align action items with G1/G2/G3 framework:\n   - G1: External Visibility\n   - G2: Innovation Leadership\n   - G3: Role Transition\n\n3. **Extract action items** from today's meeting notes and workspace:\n   - Identify tasks that align with career goals ‚Üí categorize under G1/G2/G3\n   - Identify operational/delegatable tasks ‚Üí categorize separately\n   - Use the format from the template below\n\n4. **Add \"Action Items from Today\" section** right after the Daily Spark quote, using this format:\n\n```markdown\n## üéØ Action Items from Today\n\n> [!success] Career Goal Aligned ‚Äî Own These\n> **G2: Innovation Leadership**\n> - [ ] [task] #p1 #area/career\n>\n> **G3: Role Transition**\n> - [ ] [task] #area/career\n>\n> **G1: External Visibility**\n> - [ ] [task] #area/career\n\n> [!warning] Operational ‚Äî Delegate or Track\n> - [ ] [task] ‚Äî delegate to [person]\n> - [ ] Track: [item]\n```\n\n5. **Prompt for Evening Close** if not already filled:\n   - üèÜ Win: Ask what went well\n   - üìà Better: Ask what could improve\n   - üôè Grateful: Ask what they're grateful for\n   - üéØ Tomorrow's #1: Ask what's the top priority for tomorrow\n\n6. **Add Evening Close section** before the Logbook section\n\n7. **Sync changes** with `./cli.sh sync`\n\n## Notes\n\n- Career goal tasks get `#p1` if they're urgent, `#area/career` always\n- Operational tasks should note who to delegate to\n- Link to relevant projects (e.g., `[[Innovation Sprint]]`)\n- Keep action items specific and actionable\n"
    }
  }
}